# RAID Analysis Report

## Project Information
- **Project Name:** PayDate Project
- **Analysis Date:** 2024-12-17T23:19:50.876378
- **File Analyzed:** RAID_sample.txt

## Analysis Summary
- **Total Entries:** 24
- **Average Confidence:** 11.62%

### Category Distribution
- **R:** 6
- **A:** 4
- **I:** 6
- **D:** 8

## Risks

### There is a risk that the team may overlook important considerations during the hackathon, which could impact the project's success.
- **ID:** R-20241217231859
- **Confidence:** 7.50%

**Context:** "I believe that often, especially during hackathons, we may overlook important considerations." Specifically , with the Navicare project , we did publish the app , but we had to scale back some functionality . This was primarily

### There is uncertainty regarding the team's ability to effectively invest time and achieve project goals due to potential skills deficits.
- **ID:** R-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 7.50%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "We need to consider our current team and whether we can truly invest our time effectively. Can we achieve our goals, or do we still have a skills deficit?" How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### There are concerns about the limitations of the Streamlit platform, which may not provide all necessary functionalities for the project.
- **ID:** R-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 7.50%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "I believe that Streamlist may not offer all the necessary functionalities... Streamlit is somewhat limited, and we cannot rely solely on it." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### There is a risk that the team may not have enough time to resolve current issues before the hackathon.
- **ID:** R-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 0.00%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "I think we do not have enough time yet." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### There is a potential risk of needing to disable certain features of the web app if issues arise during development or testing.
- **ID:** R-20241217231950
- **Confidence:** 4.50%

**Context:** ensure that we meet the criteria for the hackathon with what we currently have . I wanted us to meet briefly to discuss this . "We can disable certain features if necessary."

### There is uncertainty regarding the involvement of Dell in the hackathon, which could impact team planning and resource allocation.
- **ID:** R-20241217231950
- **Confidence:** 6.00%

**Context:** ensure that we meet the criteria for the hackathon with what we currently have . I wanted us to meet briefly to discuss this . "Regarding Dell and Nvidia, I am unsure what Dell's involvement is."

## Assumptions

### The team assumes that they can utilize the Nvidia AI Workbench effectively for their project without prior in-depth exploration of its capabilities.
- **ID:** A-20241217231859
- **Confidence:** 7.50%

**Context:** "I wanted to engage in this learning process. I propose that we take some time to discuss the workbench and how we would incorporate it into our solution." Specifically , with the Navicare project , we did publish the app , but we had to scale back some functionality . This was primarily

### The team assumes that they will need to establish a front-end framework to address integration challenges.
- **ID:** A-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 4.50%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "We need to establish a front-end framework." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### It is assumed that the team will document their findings and thoughts on potential resolutions regarding issues encountered.
- **ID:** A-20241217231950
- **Confidence:** 12.00%

**Context:** ensure that we meet the criteria for the hackathon with what we currently have . I wanted us to meet briefly to discuss this . "Additionally, let's document our findings. If she knows about the document where we annotate issues, we should include our thoughts on potential resolutions."

### It is assumed that there is no limit on the number of team members for the hackathon, but this needs to be confirmed.
- **ID:** A-20241217231950
- **Confidence:** 7.50%
- **Solution/Mitigation:** Confirm the team member limit with the hackathon organizers.

**Context:** ensure that we meet the criteria for the hackathon with what we currently have . I wanted us to meet briefly to discuss this . "I believe there is no limit, but I will confirm this."

## Issues

### There is an ongoing issue from the last hackathon that the team could not resolve, which may affect their current project.
- **ID:** I-20241217231859
- **Confidence:** 30.00%

**Context:** "I recall that during the last hackathon, we encountered an issue that we could not resolve." Specifically , with the Navicare project , we did publish the app , but we had to scale back some functionality . This was primarily

### The team faced numerous issues with the Flow tool, which hindered their ability to navigate through use cases and features of the app.
- **ID:** I-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 7.50%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "This was primarily due to numerous issues we faced while using Flow, which hindered our ability to navigate through each use case or feature of the app." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### The team anticipates challenges similar to previous experiences, particularly with front-end compatibility and integration issues.
- **ID:** I-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 12.00%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "Reflecting on our previous experience, I believe most of our challenges stemmed from front-end compatibility... If we do not have someone who can handle integration, we may face similar issues again." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### The team is currently struggling with integrating APIs, which has been a major issue in the past.
- **ID:** I-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 30.00%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "The problem is that most of the families using APIs for the backend provide more flexibility compared to the cost... the challenge we faced last time was integrating the backend with the front end." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### The team has not yet connected the dashboard, which is a pending task that needs to be addressed.
- **ID:** I-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 6.00%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "We still have work to do on the dashboard that we haven't connected yet." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### There is an ongoing issue regarding the clarity of team criteria for the hackathon organized by the Post team, which needs to be clarified.
- **ID:** I-20241217231950
- **Confidence:** 7.50%
- **Solution/Mitigation:** Seek clarification from the Post team.

**Context:** ensure that we meet the criteria for the hackathon with what we currently have . I wanted us to meet briefly to discuss this . "I was looking for the team criteria and will need to ask about that."

## Decisions

### The team decided to schedule a meeting next week to evaluate their concepts and make a decision on whether to proceed with the project.
- **ID:** D-20241217231859
- **Confidence:** 30.00%
- **Solution/Mitigation:** Schedule a meeting next week

**Context:** "During our scheduling for another meeting next week, we can reconvene to make a decision on whether we believe the project will be successful and if we want to collectively move forward." Specifically , with the Navicare project , we did publish the app , but we had to scale back some functionality . This was primarily

### The team agreed to develop a schedule based on the decision regarding which concept to move forward with and what the project plan will entail.
- **ID:** D-20241217231859
- **Confidence:** 30.00%
- **Solution/Mitigation:** Develop a schedule

**Context:** "I will develop a schedule based on our decision regarding which concept to move forward with and what the project plan will entail." Specifically , with the Navicare project , we did publish the app , but we had to scale back some functionality . This was primarily

### The team decided to limit their screening of applications to those from 1990 onwards to focus on back-end functionality.
- **ID:** D-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 16.50%
- **Owner:** We

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "We should limit ourselves to screening applications from 90 onwards. This approach will allow us to focus more on the back end..." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### The team agreed to discuss areas of expertise in the next meeting to determine if additional personnel are needed.
- **ID:** D-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 13.50%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "In the next meeting, we will discuss the areas in which we are experts. If we require additional personnel, we can seek someone with expertise in that area." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### The team decided to explore options for deploying APIs to platforms like Vercel, GitHub, or Heroku.
- **ID:** D-20241217231926
- **Confidence:** 6.00%

**Context:** app that can be accessed consistently . I recall that during the last hackathon , we encountered an issue that we could not resolve . "I was considering whether we needed to upload the APIs to Vercel or GitHub, or Heroku." How about you share your thoughts ? We can disable certain features if necessary . I suggested that you all take a look at the

### A decision was made to share both concepts and discuss which projects to pursue after reviewing the submitted projects.
- **ID:** D-20241217231950
- **Confidence:** 6.00%

**Context:** ensure that we meet the criteria for the hackathon with what we currently have . I wanted us to meet briefly to discuss this . "After that, we can discuss each project and decide which ones we want to pursue."

### A decision was made to create a separate communication channel for sharing information discussed during the meeting.
- **ID:** D-20241217231950
- **Confidence:** 12.00%
- **Solution/Mitigation:** Create a separate channel for communication.

**Context:** ensure that we meet the criteria for the hackathon with what we currently have . I wanted us to meet briefly to discuss this . "That channel will be made into a separate channel, and I will add everyone to it."

### A decision was made to schedule a meeting for the following week to determine the best day for everyone to discuss project progress.
- **ID:** D-20241217231950
- **Confidence:** 7.50%
- **Solution/Mitigation:** Schedule a meeting for next week.

**Context:** ensure that we meet the criteria for the hackathon with what we currently have . I wanted us to meet briefly to discuss this . "I will schedule a meeting for next week and determine the best day for everyone."

